well joining us here on set Tam hamud
he's professor of public policy at Doha
Institute for Graduate Studies is also a
Palestinian from Gaza thank you very
much indeed for being with us the who is
making it very clear that even a
three-day pose of any sort isn't going
to give them enough time to be able to
vaccinate everybody and that would
suggest that obviously the risk of polio
and other diseases is still going to be
there why do you think that Israel has
agreed at this point to have these
temporary
pauses um Rob uh it seems to me like
Israel is doing a favor to the
International Community by even allowing
this to happen or agreeing to give these
three days post for uh for related
entities to provide vaccine to to to
children in Gaza I I mean that's so
pathetic I mean to get to this stage
where the International Community is
begging Israel to vaccine children and
and this tells you to what extent this
war has become immoral and genocidal
under the watch of the International
Community um I mean this is
unprecedented in in modern history to
see this happening uh and yes I mean the
speaker from wh she she's right what
about other vaccines and what about if
they all get vaccinated and then the
killing continues I mean I mean kids and
children in particular have been uh the
highest casualties and victims of this
war of this genocidal War so yes this
war needs to end this genocidal War
needs to end I mean the health sector in
Gaza has been systematically destroyed
and targeted 3 days for sure will never
be enough to vaccinate uh 30 or 40% of
gaza's populations which are young and
children and for sure it's it's it's a
joke it's a sick joke by the Israelis to
say we offer you three days to to
vaccine uh children knowing that the
enal the entire Health sector has been
destroyed there are no clinics there no
no basic conditions whatsoever to
provide this vaccine but again this is
Israel it acts as a as a par state above
international law and sadly we are at
this point now we've obviously heard the
allegations from the international court
of justice several months ago saying
that there were grounds for um the
belief that genocide was being committed
in in Gaza does this kind of action in
any way give Israel any leverage against
that are they able to say no well we
we're doing humanitarian activities but
by allowing these vaccines to be
in of course not at all because I mean I
give you I mean I pretend to allow some
conditions to provide some vaccine like
you know these are like you know
impossible conditions first of all
logistically 3 days and then continue
the killing of the same targeted group I
mean you provide them vaccine from on
one hand and then you kill them from
another hand so this is devilish this is
Devious I mean no one can accept this
human beings should not accept this
International Community should not
accept this an immediate stop of this
war should be the only condition to move
on and then to allow vaccin in kids and
most importantly Stop The Killing and
massacring of kids that's the top
priority Tim we appreciate you being
with us thank you very much indeed my
pleasure make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler